IBM MOBILE FIRST DEVELOPER WITH HYBRID SKILLS / IOS
Experience: 5-7 years relevant experience

Qualification: BE/MCA/Engineering in Computer Science or equivalent

Role and Responsibilites:

Perform capacity planning and projection for future growths
Proficient in administering and tuning DB2 databases in a z/OS environment
Proficient in administering and tuning DB2 on AIX environment, experience with administering/tuning multi-partition databases preferred
Experience with OEM and other database tools (Toad, Foglight) preferred
Significant experience with database backup/recovery strategies.
Technical expertise on current AIX and z/OS operating systems preferred
Experience with DBA productivity tools preferred.
Effective verbal and written communication skills.
 

Profile:

DB2 Database Administrator to implement and administer databases within a multi-tiered environment. 
The DBA will play a critical role in design, build, implementation, upgrade and optimization of DB2 databases in an AIX and z/OS environment.
The Database Administrator will support DB2.
Monitor/maintain/upgrade the DB2 database and assist the application team with performance tuning initiatives, and builds from the application vendor Interface with business analysts and application developers to create and maintain physical data models based on the logical design.
Monitor and tune databases to ensure peak performance.
Design/implement backup and recovery solutions.
Provide assistance to associates to resolve technical issues, document and implement best practices for the database environments.
Establish standards, controls and procedures to ensure data integrity and security.  
Experience: 4-6 years relevant experience. 

Qualification: BE/MCA/Engineering in Computer Science or equivalent 

Roles and Responsibilities:

Administering in the Mobile application environment
Creation of Integration Adapters, SQL Adapters, HTTP Adapters etc.
Multiple Types of Authentication Development
Integration with enterprise back-end applications and cloud services
Profile:

IBM MFP Platform /Worklight, MVC Patterns, Adapters, SQL Adapters, HTTP Adapters, IBM WAS, DB2/MYSQL, Restful Services, JSON(Native Android/IOS, Hybrid  HTML5)
At least 4 years of working Knowledge IBM MobileFirst (previously known as Worklight).
Develop Application Architecture, User Interface Design
Strong skill in MVC Pattern
At least 2 years of Hands-on Angular + Ionic - Mobile App development (Native Android/IOS, Hybrid  HTML5)
Hands on Implementing the Worklight API Package
Program and consume web services foundations including RestFul Services, JSON and related services
Experience with IBM WAS, DB2/MySQL
Understanding of SDLC and Agile methodologies
Experience in Building and managing of Studio, Server, Runtime Components, Console
Experience in at least one J2EE frameworks.
Migration from other containers to Mobilefirst will be an added advantage   
Excellent communication skills & Analytical skills
If interested  forward your resume at : vinod@egovtechlabs.in
